we had some cheese dip left from our
draft party the other night this recipe
is online I'll place the link below what
we're going to do this leftover cheese
dip is that we're going to use it to
make some spaghetti with cheese dip and
chicken very simple we're just going to
cook the spaghetti according to
manufacturer's recommendations or
package directions and we'll be adding
the cheese dip and some canned chicken
breasts to make a delicious leftover
meal our pasta is draining and in the
same pot I have put a 12 and a half
ounce can of chicken with the broth
we're going to add about half of this
cheese dip to that and get it melting
down and then we will put our pasta back
and that will be pretty much it it's
that simple
well I ended up putting all that
Velveeta cheese dip into the chicken as
you can see it melts really quickly
we're going to add the pasta back to it
and that's all there is to it we've
added the pasta back started together
looks absolutely delicious you can
hardly wait to eat it it's so simple
just take the cheese dip from the recipe
we made the other day add some chicken
canned chicken and some spaghetti and
you have a great little meal hope you
make it I hope you like it
you